docs: Document site setup API parity (#3462)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/provisioning/site-setup-api-parity.md

# Site Setup API Parity

Use the REST API and `nicocli` for site setup whenever an operation is listed as covered below. Direct `nico-admin-cli` access remains necessary only for the gaps that have not yet reached the REST API.

| Site setup task | Current status | Preferred command or tracked gap |

> |---|---|---|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Site setup task | Current status | Preferred command or tracked gap |
|-----------------|----------------|----------------------------------|
```

> | Store the site-wide BMC root credential | Covered | `nicocli bmc-credential create --site-id <site-uuid> --kind SiteWideRoot --password <password>` |

Reviewer: Is this table ordered in a particular way? If not, alpha-sort might be easier to read

| Queue a Site Explorer endpoint for re-exploration | Gap | Tracked by [#2802](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2802). Use `nico-admin-cli site-explorer re-explore <bmc-ip>` until that issue is complete. Bulk selection and execution also remain part of this gap. |

## Remaining parity plan

The REST/nicocli parity work is tracked under [#2852](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2852):

- [#2799](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2799) covers site-wide BMC and UEFI credentials and is complete.
- [#2801](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2801) adds measured-boot trust approval operations.
- [#2802](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2802) adds Site Explorer clear-error and re-explore operations.
- [#2803](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2803) covers additional admin-cli inventory. Its implementation merged in [#3241](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/pull/3241); the issue remains open for administrative closure.

> After #2801 and #2802 are complete, update this table to replace the remaining direct admin-cli commands with their generated `nicocli` commands.

Reviewer: Let's make this a checklist to mark what's complete. Also, the last line is a note to yourself. Either update as per this suggestion, or take it out? (Either way, the whole section should come out once we're at parity!)
```suggestion
- [x] [#2799](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2799) covers site-wide BMC and UEFI credentials and is complete.
- [ ] [#2801](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2801) adds measured-boot trust approval operations.
- [ ] [#2802](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2802) adds Site Explorer clear-error and re-explore operations.
- [x] [#2803](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/issues/2803) covers additional admin-cli inventory. Its implementation merged in [#3241](https://github.com/NVIDIA/infra-controller/pull/3241); the issue remains open for administrative closure.

After #2801 and #2802 are complete, the table on this page will be updated to replace the remaining direct admin-cli commands with their generated `nicocli` equivalents.
```
